# Plex-Media-Import-to-HTML
Export your Plex Library as an HTML page and a PDF page to save as a backup or for others to browse.<br>

# Summary
Plex Export allows you to produce an HTML page with images of movies and tv shows contained within your Plex library.<br>
The HTML page generated by the script does expose your Plex token. (Please be careful about sharing this page)<br>
The script gives you the option to print a PDF page, a copy of your html page, that can be shared without issue.

# Features
-Provides an overview of all media in each of your library sections.<br>

# Instructions

1. Install Python. During installation, make sure to check the option that adds Python to the system PATH.<br>
2. Install wkhtmltopdf. During installation, ensure that the wkhtmltopdf executable is added to the system PATH.<br>
3. Download the Script: Import.py<br>
4. Open the script in a text editor (like Notepad or VS Code) so you can update the wkhtmltopdf_path variable<br>
   with the correct path to the wkhtmltopdf executable on their system. Usually you can find wkhtmltopdf at<br>
   "C:\Program Files\wkhtmltopdf\bin\wkhtmltopdf.exe"<br>
   Find this line in the script and update:<br>
   wkhtmltopdf_path = r'C:\Program Files\wkhtmltopdf\bin\wkhtmltopdf.exe'  # Update this path<br>
   Notice that a small r is before the path.<br>
5. (PLEX Media Import to HTML does not have to be run on the system containing Plex Media Server)<br>
6. In your preferred shell/terminal enter the following command: python import.py<br>
7. Enter Plex Ip address, Plex token, location to save the html, whether you want a pdf.<br>
8. Page Size - I set page size at 1000mm long and 400mm wide. If you have thousands of media items

# Notes

-The script was built on windows 11 using edge browser and command prompt.<br>
-Delete import.py if you upload PLEX Media Import to HTML to any public location<br>
-If your Plex Server is running in Home mode, we need to authenticate via a token<br>
-To get a valid token for your system, look here: https://support.plex.tv/hc/en-us/articles/204059436-Finding-your-account-token-X-Plex-Token<br>
 
